add release doc (#1325)
dapr/cli: docs/development/release.md

# Release Guide

This document describes how to release Dapr CLI along with associated artifacts.

## Prerequisites

Only the repository maintainers and release team are allowed to execute the below steps.

## Pre-release build

Pre-release build will be built from `release-<major>.<minor>` branch and versioned by git version tag suffix e.g. `-rc.0`, `-rc.1`, etc. This build is not released to users who use the latest stable version.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

**Pre-release process**

> 1. Create a PR to update the `Dapr runtime` and `Dapr dashboard` pre-release versions in workflow and tests files wherever applicable, and merge the PR to master branch.

Reviewer: Could we attach a sample PR?

2. Create branch `release-<major>.<minor>` from master and push the branch. e.g. `release-1.11`. You can use the github web UI to create the branch or use the following command.

```sh
$ git checkout master && git reset --hard upstream/master && git pull upstream master
$ git checkout -b release-1.11
$ git push upstream release-1.11
```

> 3. Add pre-release version tag(with suffix -rc.0 e.g. v1.11.0-rc.0) and push the tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add pre-release version tag (with suffix -rc.0 e.g. v1.11.0-rc.0) and push the tag.
```

```sh
$ git tag "v1.11.0-rc.0" -m "v1.11.0-rc.0"
$ git push upstream v1.11.0-rc.0

```
4. CI creates the new build artifacts.
5. Test and validate the functionalities with the specific version.
6. If there are regressions and bugs, fix them in release-* branch. e.g `release-1.11` branch.

> 7. Create new pre-release version tag(with suffix -rc.1, -rc.2, etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Create new pre-release version tag (with suffix -rc.1, -rc.2, etc).
```

8. Repeat from 5 to 7 until all bugs are fixed.

## Release the stable version to users

> > Note: Make sure stable version of `dapr runtime` and `dapr dashboard` is released before releasing the CLI and update their references in workflow and tests files wherever applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: Make sure stable versions of `dapr runtime` and `dapr dashboard` are released before releasing the CLI and update their references in workflow and tests files wherever applicable.
```

> Once all bugs are fixed we are ready to release the stable version to users. We will create a new git version tag (without the suffix -rc.x e.g. v1.11.0) and push the tag. CI will create the new build artifacts and release them to users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once all bugs are fixed, stable version can be released. Create a new git version tag (without the suffix -rc.x e.g. v1.11.0) and push the tag. CI will create the new build artifacts and release them.
```

## Release Patch version

> We will work on the existing `release-<major>.<minor>` branch to release patch version. Once all bugs are fixed, we will add new patch version tag, such as `v1.11.1-rc.0`. After verifying the fixes on this pre-release, we create a new git version tag such as `v1.11.1` and push the tag. CI will create the new build artifacts and release them to users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Work on the existing `release-<major>.<minor>` branch to release a patch version. Once all bugs are fixed, create a new patch version tag, such as `v1.11.1-rc.0`. After verifying the fixes on this pre-release, create a new git version tag such as `v1.11.1` and push the tag. CI will create the new build artifacts and release them.
```
